= vx.x.x

* Fixed system label and name settings.
* Fixed the Homebrew install.
* Fixed the TextExpander install.
* Fixed the Path Finder install.
* Fixed the OpenOffice install.
* Fixed the Doxie install.
* Fixed permission issues with package installs and fixed the extracting of zip files for packakge install.
* Upgraded to Ruby 1.9.3-p385.
* Upgraded to Dropbox 1.6.16.
* Upgraded to Knox 2.2.0.
* Upgraded to iTerm2 1_0_0_20130122.
* Upgraded to TextExpander 4.0.5.
* Upgraded to Firefox 18.0.2.
* Upgraded to Opera 12.14.
* Upgraded to iStat Menus 4.03.
* Upgraded to GitHub 107.
* Upgraded to Snippets 1.4.1.
* Upgraded to Espresso 2.0.5.
* Upgraded to CodeKit 8248.
* Upgraded to VLC 2.0.5.
* Upgraded to PGAdmin 1.16.1.
* Upgraded to Open Office 3.4.1.
* Upgraded to VirtualBox 4.2.6-82870.
* Upgraded to Billings 376.
* Upgraded to Skype 6.2.0.1117.
* Upgraded to Alfred 1.3.2_265.
* Defaults - Enable keyboard access for all controls.
* Defaults - Don’t show Dashboard as a Space.
* Defaults - Hide the Time Machine and Volume icons by default.
* Defaults - Save to disk (not iCloud) by default.
* Defaults - Automatically quit printer app once the print jobs complete by default.
* Defaults - Disable automatic termination of inactive apps by default.
* Defaults - Applied better low light keyboard illumination defaults.
* Defaults - Grouped all the finder defaults together.
* Defaults - Show hidden files in Finder by default.
* Defaults - Show status bar, full POSIX path, and list views in Finder by default.
* Defaults - Grouped Dock options together and removed hot corner defaults.
* Defaults - Grouped Safari defaults and improved default settings for debugging purposes.
* Defaults - Enabled Address Book and iCal debug menus by default.
* Defaults - Added TextEdit defaults.
* Defaults - Cleaned up default setting groupings.
* Defaults - Removed Battery and Clock from menu, show only Bluetooth and Airport instead.
* Added the rbenv-gem-rehash Homebrew install.
* Added the rbenv-default-gems Homebrew install.
* Added the rbenv-vars Homebrew install.
* Added the GitX install.
* Added the Bartender install.
* Added the Namebench install.
* Added quiet option to unzip operations.
* Added install options prompt.
* Added file existence check to downloads.
* Added the functions.sh script.
* Added the clean_work_path function.
* Added preference pane install support.
* Added functions for getting install root, install path, and file extension.
* Added verify_install function.
* Added UTF8 support to PostgreSQL install.
* Added Boxen to the README.
* Updated the Ruby Gem Setup project install.
* Replaced ~ with $HOME in scripts.
* Moved all settings into a single file.
* Renamed run.sh to install.sh.
* Prefixed all *URL, *FILE, and *NAME variables with APP for better dynamic lookup.
* Separated the Homebrew and application install scripts.
* Quoted all install parameters to prevent issues with spaces.
* Converted iStats Menus to an install instead of download only.
* Cleaned up install and download messages for already installed/downloaded apps.
* Renamed installers.sh to functions.sh.
* Conditionally symbolic link Sublime Text 2 binary if it doesn't exist.
* Refactored mounting/unmounting of disk images into separate functions.
* Removed PostgreSQL version dependency.
* Removed Redis version dependency.
* Removed the brew update command from install actions.
* Removed the ImageAlpha installer.
* Removed Growl and Firefox (setup) from README.
* Removed the GitBox mention from the README.

= v0.4.0

* Upgraded to Sublime Text 2.0.1.
* Upgraded to iStat Menus 3.24.
* Upgraded to Alfred 1.3.1_261.
* Upgraded to pgAdmin 1.16.0.
* Upgraded to Dropbox 1.6.5.
* Upgraded to OmniFocus 1.10.4
* Upgraded to OmniOutliner 3.10.6.
* Upgraded to OmniGraffle 5.4.2.
* Upgraded to OmniDazzle 1.2.
* Upgraded to PathFinder 6.1.2.
* Upgraded to Firefox 18.0.
* Upgraded to Skype 6.1.59.2295.
* Upgraded to Ruby 1.9.3-p374.
* Added Moom to the App Store section of the README.
* Added Cocoa JSON Editor to the App Store section of the README.
* Added the Eye-Fi installer.
* Added pigz brew installer.
* Added the jq installer.
* Added the network grep install.
* Added the Phantom.js brew install.
* Added installer for the Bartender app.
* Added install for the Induction app.
* Added Homebrew installer for bash-completion.
* Added the rbenv-vars installer and template (with Ruby GC settings).
* Added the rbenv-gem-rehash installer.
* Added defaults that disable the Chrome print dialog.
* Added Code Climate support.
* Removed jsonpp.
* Converted/detailed the CONTRIBUTING guidelines per GitHub requirements.
* Modified the dotfiles installer to use shell script instead of ruby script.
* Moved default install after software installation.

= v0.3.0

* Upgraded the OmniFocus installer.
* Upgraded the Firefox installer.
* Upgraded OmniGraffle installer.
* Upgraded Skype installer.
* Upgraded to TextExpander 4.0 and moved installer from App Store to automated script install.
* Upgraded to Sublime Text 2, Version 2.0.
* Added the Namebench install.
* Added CheatSheet to the App Store README list.
* Added Cobook to the App Store README list.
* Added JSON pretty print installer via HomeBrew.
* Added AquaPath app to README.
* Cleaned up the README.

= v0.2.0

* Fixed PostgreSQL install steps.
* Fixed Redis install steps.
* Fixed the Air Display download.
* Fixed README typo and extra forward slash in VLC URL.
* Fixed iTerm file type and switched to iTerm beta download.
* Fixed work path for install_tar_app function.
* Fixed mount points and quoted them to account for paths with spaces.
* Fixed mention of run.sh in README.
* Upgraded to Ruby 1.9.3-p194.
* Added rbenv rehash after default Ruby global setup.
* Switched to sourcing the ~/.bashrc script after the dotfiles project install.
* Added Sublime Text 2 setup for the CLI.
* Updated the Redis version.
* Added the Doxie installer.
* Added the Caffeine install since it appears to no longer be provided via the App Store.
* Added Homebrew formulas to README.
* Added the list of apps and post-install steps to the README.
* Removed tar install verbosity.
* Removed duplicate ExpanDrive install.
* Added no finder reveal option to hdiutil attach.
* Removed the brew bash installer.
* Removed the GCC installer and added requirements for Xcode and Xcode command line tools.
* Removed Growl Notify formula since it no longer exists.
* Added bash functions for downloading and installing packages.
* Added install instructions for software that isn't in the App Store to the README.
* Added more OSX defaults and credited Mathias Bynens for his work in the README.

= v0.1.0

* Initial version.
