= Overview

This project contains shell scripts for setting up a new OSX environment.

= Features

* Configures default OSX settings.
* Installs Homebrew[http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew] with the following formulas:
  * Git[http://git-scm.com]
  * Hub[https://github.com/defunkt/hub]
  * Node[http://nodejs.org]
  * ImageMagick[http://www.imagemagick.org]
  * Graphviz[http://www.graphviz.org]
  * JSONPP[https://github.com/jmhodges/jsonpp]
  * Ruby[http://www.ruby-lang.org]
  * Dotfiles[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/dotfiles]
  * {Ruby Gems}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/ruby_gem_setup]
  * Pow[http://pow.cx]
  * PostgreSQL[http://www.postgresql.org]
  * Redis[http://redis.io]
* Downloads and installs software packages generally not in the {App Store}[http://www.apple.com/macosx/whats-new/app-store.html]:
  * Caffeine[http://lightheadsw.com/caffeine]
  * Dropbox[https://www.dropbox.com]
  * Knox[https://agilebits.com/knox]
  * iTerm2[http://www.iterm2.com]
  * {Sublime Text 2}[http://www.sublimetext.com/2]
  * Alfred[http://www.alfredapp.com]
  * TextExpander[http://www.smilesoftware.com/TextExpander]
  * {Path Finder}[http://cocoatech.com]
  * Firefox[http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox]
  * {Google Chrome}[http://www.google.com/chrome]
  * Opera[http://www.opera.com] 
  * OmniFocus[http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnifocus]
  * OmniOutliner[http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnioutliner]
  * OmniGraffle[http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnigraffle]
  * OmniDazzle[http://www.omnigroup.com/products/omnidazzle]
  * ExpanDrive[http://www.expandrive.com]
  * {iStat Menus}[http://bjango.com/apps/istatmenus]
  * {Air Display}[http://avatron.com/apps/air-display]
  * {Pastebot Sync}[http://tapbots.com/software/pastebot/#sync]
  * GitHub[http://mac.github.com]
  * Snippets[http://www.snippetsapp.com]
  * Espresso[http://macrabbit.com/espresso]
  * CodeKit[http://incident57.com/codekit]
  * Acorn[http://flyingmeat.com/acorn]
  * DoubleTake[http://echoone.com/doubletake]
  * ImageOptim[http://imageoptim.pornel.net]
  * ImageAlpha[http://pornel.net/imagealpha]
  * VLC[http://www.videolan.org/vlc]
  * pgAdmin[http://www.pgadmin.org/index.php]
  * Namebench[https://code.google.com/p/namebench]
  * Billings[http://www.billingsapp.com]
  * MoneyWell[http://nothirst.com/moneywell]
  * {Delicious Library}[http://www.delicious-monster.com]
  * OpenOffice[http://www.openoffice.org]
  * Colloquy[http://colloquy.info]
  * Skype[http://www.skype.com]
  * VirtualBox[https://www.virtualbox.org]
  * Doxie[http://www.getdoxie.com]

= Requirements

* OSX[http://www.apple.com/osx]
* {OSX Software Updates}[http://www.apple.com/osx]
* Xcode[https://developer.apple.com/downloads]
* {Command Line Tools for Xcode}[https://developer.apple.com/downloads]

= Setup

Open a terminal window and execute one of the following setup sequences depending on your version preference:

Current Version (stable):

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/osx.git
  cd osx
  git checkout v0.3.0

Master Version (unstable):

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/osx.git
  cd osx

= Usage

Edit any of the *.sh files in the scripts folder to your liking and then ppen a terminal window and execute the following command:

  ./run.sh

Reboot the machine after the script has completed. Feel free to delete the osx project directory as well.

= App Store Software

I also recommend installing the following software found via the {App Store}[http://www.apple.com/macosx/whats-new/app-store.html]:

* Moom[http://manytricks.com/moom]
* 1Password[http://agilewebsolutions.com/products/1Password]
* Fantastical[http://flexibits.com/fantastical]
* Cobook[http://www.cobookapp.com]
* Growl[http://growl.info]
* Cheatsheet[http://www.cheatsheetapp.com/CheatSheet]
* 3Hub[http://3hubapp.com]
* PDFpenPro[http://www.smilesoftware.com/PDFpenPro/index.html]
* Gitbox[http://gitboxapp.com]
* Patterns[http://krillapps.com/patterns]
* ColorSnapper[http://colorsnapper.com]
* Gradient[http://www.gradientapp.com]
* xScope[http://iconfactory.com/software/xscope]
* LittleSnapper[http://www.realmacsoftware.com/littlesnapper]
* Pixelmator[http://www.pixelmator.com]
* AquaPath[http://ditchnet.org/aquapath]
* GarageBand[http://www.apple.com/ilife/garageband]
* iMovie[http://www.apple.com/ilife/imovie]
* iPhoto[http://www.apple.com/ilife/iphoto]

= Miscellaneous Software

The following software is optional:

* {Hardware IO Tools for Xcode}[https://developer.apple.com/downloads] - Includes the Network Link Conditioner amongst other goodies.
* {VMWare Fusion}[http://www.vmware.com/products/fusion] (requires a registered account, download only)
* {Logitech Control Center}[http://www.logitech.com/en-us/584/3129]
* {Logitech Harmony Remote}[http://www.logitech.com/en-us/440/3742?section=downloads]

= Post Install Checklist

The following is a checklist of additional steps worth completing after the scripts have been executed:

* Enable FileVault (via System Preferences - Security and Privacy).
* Configure Wi-Fi.
* Configure printer.
* Configure scanner.
* Configure Apple Mail and email accounts.
* Configure Address Book.
* Configure iCal.
* Configure iTunes.
* Install {Firefox Extensions}[http://www.aeonscope.net/software/applications/firefox].
* Configure previously installed applications.

= Resources

* {Mathias Bynens' OSX Defaults}[https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles/blob/master/.osx]

= Contributions

Please log all feedback/issues via {GitHub Issues}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/osx/issues]. Thanks.

= Credits

Developed by {Brooke Kuhlmann}[http://www.redalchemist.com] at {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com]

= License

Copyright (c) 2012 {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com].
Read the LICENSE for details.

= History

Read the CHANGELOG for details.
